---
title: Rumbo Privacy Policy
layout: page
description: Rumbo privacy policy
intro_image: "images/illustrations/reading.svg"
intro_image_absolute: true
intro_image_hide_on_mobile: true
---

<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: February 9, 2024</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>Rumbo does not collect personal data from users. We do not store any personal data, and we do not share any personal data with third parties.</p>
<p>We use Usage data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.</p>
<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>
<h3>Interpretation</h3>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where &quot;control&quot; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Rumbo, the software program provided by the Company.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Volver Health LLC, 9426 Indian School Rd. NE</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Country</strong> refers to: New Mexico,  United States</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>
<h4>Usage Data</h4>
<p>Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.</p>
<p>Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.</p>
<p>When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.</p>
<p>We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.</p>
<h3>Use of Usage Data</h3>
<p>The Company may use Usage Data for the following purposes:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>To provide and maintain our Service</strong>, including to monitor the usage of our Service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>For other purposes</strong>: We may use Usage data for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.</p>
</li>
</ul>

<h3>Disclosure of Usage Data</h3>
<h4>Law enforcement</h4>
<p>Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Usage Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).</p>
<h4>Other legal requirements</h4>
<p>The Company may disclose Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Comply with a legal obligation</li>
<li>Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company</li>
<li>Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service</li>
<li>Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public</li>
<li>Protect against legal liability</li>
</ul>
<h2>Links to Other Websites</h2>
<p>Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.</p>
<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>
<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>We will update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>
<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us at:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="info@volver.health">info@volver.health</a></li>
</ul>